# Week of 10/25/2021 - 10/31/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/10/31/21:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/10/31/21:40**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Hunter, Annie, Max, Jacob

## Minute Recorder

Hunter

## Topics Discussed

- Went through crucial elements in the current state of the project, such as how files are sent from the back end to front end
- Talked about refining any part of the overall schema for the mongo database portion of the project
- Went through new structure of the API routes

## Things Clarified

- How we are connecting api calls from front end calls
- some layouts of the front end and how they should be routed
- what the major points that we need to get done for iteration 1
