# Client Meeting on 9/28/2021

## Meeting Start Time

**2021/09/28/08:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2021/09/28/09:30**

## Location/Medium

Zoom meeting

## Present
Max, Annie, Hunter, Jacob, Kyle

## Minute Recorder

Hunter

## Topics Discussed

- Moving away from teachable: it's disjointed with prep vs refrep. Multiple account --user side. Tech side -- nightmare. Not doing the typical way the most teachable users using it. Course creation is bad on teachable. 
- Course creation is the most important for them
- Enforcement is a big selling point. Must do this before doing that. Teachable isn't working for enforcement. Admins have to sometimes manually advance users
- Database access for users. Database access for  videos (Amazon s3). Code access
- Andriod app for their refrep
- Ensure to tie andriod and ios
- Target audience is mainly high schools
- Talked about integration with refrep.
- Angular being used for the front end of the project
- 
- Talked about what needs to be done for iteration 1: video playback, enforcements, 
- Backbone of this revolves around videos. All videos will be on amazon s3. We are essentially doing a model of teachable.
- Another problem with teachable, admins have to set up everything. Need to get 80% to move on. Answer is shown immeidately on teachable (not preferable) How many times can they retake quiz. There is no randomizing on teachable. Give the answer on the last time they take the quiz. Part of the course creation is having the Author is making these. Author filling out enforcements. Instructor can be someone like a gym teacher in a high school. Trying to automize the enforcements.
- Drop a list of students 
- How quizes are setup. Multiple choice (T/F). *nice to have open response.
- The admin view will upload all the videos AND create all the quizes. Make sure that the videos are organized. Teachable kinda scrambles them.
- The UI on teachable is good. Having one video in a frame and the whole course frame (expand modules) (enforcements on -- can click any)
- Looked at their GUI design and their ideas.
- Looked at the admin view.
- Custom video creation would be nice to have
- Talked about sub videos for the custom video creation
- Within a module. It could have 20 videos. A video player for this module that is a playlist. There is a checkmark for completion if the enforcements are on. Teachable is good, but we dont like the just scroll down a long list for the videos
- Way down the line >> build a course. Each course is unique is unique to each class. Carmel has a course for carmel. Same course in the back-end. But authors should have access to customize the base level that the authors can customize.
- They want reports of which schools watched what videos.
- Build for a unique course. 
- Parsing Video reports is soooo important. Keeping track of how many people from a certain school that watch videos is important to query.
- Multiple choice can have either single repsonse or multiple response.
 

## Things Clarified

- refrep is nothing website based
- Build refprep as web app. Refrep will point to refprep in the app
- Refprep should also be accessable on website
- Sign up doesn't go through the app because it is a way to get around Apple's 30% cut.
- What to start: upload video, quiz creation [8:52]  (High)
- After structure of uploading and such, the course creation is the next important (High) (from admin side)
- Don't  like the term course creation. Start calling cirriculum builder (amdin/owner side) (needs to build solid, upload videos and organize them) Build multiple cirriculums for a sport that other schools can use as a template. 
- Add lesson description for the cirriculum. [8:56]. Cover photo + description blurb. 
- Prioritize scheduled releases.
- Iteration 1 target: Cirriculum Builder (development). Video player. Owner View.
- Nice for iter1: student view with thumbnails at bottom. Not enforcements yet. 
- Admin view doesn't need to be fancy
- Storage is a big business problem (financial). Teachable duplicating makes their business expensive. Point to same url, but make the reports specific to each school/company.
- Main concern of the company. Duplicate and filter reports (ciphen off data is the challenge)
- We need access to user db, video db, code db maybe?, angular is the way to go. First sprint is around cirriculum builder and amdin view that will tie with student view.
- Track videos: can track multiple times, and also count once for report reasons. Finding cumulative data (e.g. 55% of your students have viewed video 1)
